hr_holidays_public/README.rst, before:

==================
HR Holidays Public
==================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9e48583a15773c28f7337bac2983bbe2febc5b6775d3f410139232f20056ec56
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr--holidays-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/tree/17.0/hr_holidays_public
    :alt: OCA/hr-holidays
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-holidays-17-0/hr-holidays-17-0-hr_holidays_public
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/hr-holidays&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module handles public holidays.

The calculation of each leave can exclude rest public holiday, depending
on the leave type configuration.

In HR holiday app, public holiday will be displayed as unusual days
(grey like weekends).

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to *Time Off -> Configuration -> Time Off Types* and open a Leave
Type

-  Check "Exclude Public Holidays" to exclude public holidays.

Usage
=====

For adding public holidays:

1. Go to the menu *Leaves > Public Holidays > Public Holidays*.
2. Create your public holidays.

For using public holidays on leaves:

1. Go to *Time Off > Dashboard*.
2. Select dragging on the calendar the days you want to be on leave, or
   go to the form view for selecting start and end dates.
3. Select the proper "Leave Type" that has "Exclude Public Holidays"
   checked.
4. If no leave type is yet specified, then default configuration is to
   exclude public holidays.
5. The number of days will be computed excluding public holidays that
   match the selected employee, including global, country and state
   holidays.
6. If no employee is yet selected, only global holidays will be taken
   into account.

In calendar views in HR holiday app public will be display (likes other
unusual days) according the current user employee country/state. If not
set the there is a fallback to the current company country/state to
filter public holidays.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

In Odoo 12.0, \_leave_intervals() returns Intervals which is a list of
tuples (start_timestamp, end_timestamp, resource.calendar.leaves
record). Since this module does not operate with
resource.calendar.leaves, it's setting third component of a tuple to a
hr.holidays.public.line record. This may or may not be a problem, yet
since this component is also being set to resource.calendar.attendance
records in \_attendance_intervals(), seems it should be ok.

There are no restrictions to block users from modifying or removing
calendar events linked to public holidays. There's a suggestion to
overload write and unlink methods of calendar.event, but it might have
other impacts like users not being able to edit event tags, or even
custom fields.

Regional public holidays are shown in the public calendar. The regions
will be noted in the description of the event, but it'll be shown to all
users. It'd be good to have it show only for users in these regions.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_holidays_public%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Michael Telahun Makonnen
* Tecnativa
* Fekete Mihai (Forest and Biomass Services Romania)
* Druidoo
* 

Contributors
------------

-  Michael Telahun Makonnen <mmakonnen@gmail.com>
-  Fekete Mihai <feketemihai@gmail.com>
-  Nikolina Todorova <nikolina.todorova@initos.com>
-  Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
-  Salton Massally (iDT Labs) <smassally@idtlabs.sl>
-  Ivan Yelizariev <yelizariev@it-projects.info>
-  Bassirou Ndaw <b.ndaw@ergobit.org>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Pedro M. Baeza

-  `CorporateHub <https://corporatehub.eu/>`__

   -  Alexey Pelykh <alexey.pelykh@corphub.eu>

-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__:

   -  Damien Crier <damien.crier@camptocamp.com>

-  `Druidoo <https://www.druidoo.io>`__:

   -  Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@gmail.com>

-  `Pesol <https://www.pesol.es>`__:

   -  Pedro Evaristo Gonzalez Sanchez <pedro.gonzalez@pesol.es>

-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Thao Le <thaolt@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/hr-holidays <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/tree/17.0/hr_holidays_public>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] hr_holidays_public: Migration to 18.0

hr_holidays_public/README.rst, after:

==================
HR Holidays Public
==================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9e48583a15773c28f7337bac2983bbe2febc5b6775d3f410139232f20056ec56
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr--holidays-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/tree/18.0/hr_holidays_public
    :alt: OCA/hr-holidays
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-holidays-18-0/hr-holidays-18-0-hr_holidays_public
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/hr-holidays&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module handles public holidays.

The calculation of each leave can exclude rest public holiday, depending
on the leave type configuration.

In HR holiday app, public holiday will be displayed as unusual days
(grey like weekends).

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to *Time Off -> Configuration -> Time Off Types* and open a Leave
Type

-  Check "Exclude Public Holidays" to exclude public holidays.

Usage
=====

For adding public holidays:

1. Go to the menu *Leaves > Public Holidays > Public Holidays*.
2. Create your public holidays.

For using public holidays on leaves:

1. Go to *Time Off > Dashboard*.
2. Select dragging on the calendar the days you want to be on leave, or
   go to the form view for selecting start and end dates.
3. Select the proper "Leave Type" that has "Exclude Public Holidays"
   checked.
4. If no leave type is yet specified, then default configuration is to
   exclude public holidays.
5. The number of days will be computed excluding public holidays that
   match the selected employee, including global, country and state
   holidays.
6. If no employee is yet selected, only global holidays will be taken
   into account.

In calendar views in HR holiday app public will be display (likes other
unusual days) according the current user employee country/state. If not
set the there is a fallback to the current company country/state to
filter public holidays.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

In Odoo 12.0, \_leave_intervals() returns Intervals which is a list of
tuples (start_timestamp, end_timestamp, resource.calendar.leaves
record). Since this module does not operate with
resource.calendar.leaves, it's setting third component of a tuple to a
hr.holidays.public.line record. This may or may not be a problem, yet
since this component is also being set to resource.calendar.attendance
records in \_attendance_intervals(), seems it should be ok.

There are no restrictions to block users from modifying or removing
calendar events linked to public holidays. There's a suggestion to
overload write and unlink methods of calendar.event, but it might have
other impacts like users not being able to edit event tags, or even
custom fields.

Regional public holidays are shown in the public calendar. The regions
will be noted in the description of the event, but it'll be shown to all
users. It'd be good to have it show only for users in these regions.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_holidays_public%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Michael Telahun Makonnen
* Tecnativa
* Fekete Mihai (Forest and Biomass Services Romania)
* Druidoo
* 

Contributors
------------

-  Michael Telahun Makonnen <mmakonnen@gmail.com>
-  Fekete Mihai <feketemihai@gmail.com>
-  Nikolina Todorova <nikolina.todorova@initos.com>
-  Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
-  Salton Massally (iDT Labs) <smassally@idtlabs.sl>
-  Ivan Yelizariev <yelizariev@it-projects.info>
-  Bassirou Ndaw <b.ndaw@ergobit.org>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Pedro M. Baeza

-  `CorporateHub <https://corporatehub.eu/>`__

   -  Alexey Pelykh <alexey.pelykh@corphub.eu>

-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__:

   -  Damien Crier <damien.crier@camptocamp.com>

-  `Druidoo <https://www.druidoo.io>`__:

   -  Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@gmail.com>

-  `Pesol <https://www.pesol.es>`__:

   -  Pedro Evaristo Gonzalez Sanchez <pedro.gonzalez@pesol.es>

-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Thao Le <thaolt@trobz.com>
   -  Do Anh Duy <duyda@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp. The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was
financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/hr-holidays <https://github.com/OCA/hr-holidays/tree/18.0/hr_holidays_public>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
